c:\users\smardalo\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ConsoleApplication1\ConsoleApplication1\bin\Debug\ConsoleApplication1.exe.config
c:\users\smardalo\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ConsoleApplication1\ConsoleApplication1\bin\Debug\ConsoleApplication1.exe
c:\users\smardalo\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ConsoleApplication1\ConsoleApplication1\bin\Debug\ConsoleApplication1.pdb
c:\users\smardalo\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ConsoleApplication1\ConsoleApplication1\obj\Debug\ConsoleApplication1.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\smardalo\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ConsoleApplication1\ConsoleApplication1\obj\Debug\ConsoleApplication1.csproj.ResolveComReference.cache
c:\users\smardalo\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ConsoleApplication1\ConsoleApplication1\obj\Debug\ConsoleApplication1.exe
c:\users\smardalo\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ConsoleApplication1\ConsoleApplication1\obj\Debug\ConsoleApplication1.pdb
c:\users\smardalo\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ConsoleApplication1\ConsoleApplication1\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Lync.Controls.dll
c:\users\smardalo\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ConsoleApplication1\ConsoleApplication1\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Lync.Controls.Framework.dll
c:\users\smardalo\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ConsoleApplication1\ConsoleApplication1\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Lync.Model.dll
c:\users\smardalo\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ConsoleApplication1\ConsoleApplication1\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Lync.Utilities.dll
c:\users\smardalo\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ConsoleApplication1\ConsoleApplication1\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Lync.Controls.xml
c:\users\smardalo\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ConsoleApplication1\ConsoleApplication1\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Lync.Model.xml
c:\users\smardalo\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ConsoleApplication1\ConsoleApplication1\bin\Debug\da-DK\Microsoft.Lync.Controls.resources.dll
c:\users\smardalo\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ConsoleApplication1\ConsoleApplication1\bin\Debug\de-DE\Microsoft.Lync.Controls.resources.dll
c:\users\smardalo\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ConsoleApplication1\ConsoleApplication1\bin\Debug\es-ES\Microsoft.Lync.Controls.resources.dll
c:\users\smardalo\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ConsoleApplication1\ConsoleApplication1\bin\Debug\fi-FI\Microsoft.Lync.Controls.resources.dll
c:\users\smardalo\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ConsoleApplication1\ConsoleApplication1\bin\Debug\fr-FR\Microsoft.Lync.Controls.resources.dll
c:\users\smardalo\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ConsoleApplication1\ConsoleApplication1\bin\Debug\it-IT\Microsoft.Lync.Controls.resources.dll
c:\users\smardalo\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ConsoleApplication1\ConsoleApplication1\bin\Debug\ja-JP\Microsoft.Lync.Controls.resources.dll
c:\users\smardalo\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ConsoleApplication1\ConsoleApplication1\bin\Debug\ko-KR\Microsoft.Lync.Controls.resources.dll
c:\users\smardalo\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ConsoleApplication1\ConsoleApplication1\bin\Debug\nb-NO\Microsoft.Lync.Controls.resources.dll
c:\users\smardalo\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ConsoleApplication1\ConsoleApplication1\bin\Debug\nl-NL\Microsoft.Lync.Controls.resources.dll
c:\users\smardalo\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ConsoleApplication1\ConsoleApplication1\bin\Debug\pt-BR\Microsoft.Lync.Controls.resources.dll
c:\users\smardalo\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ConsoleApplication1\ConsoleApplication1\bin\Debug\ru-RU\Microsoft.Lync.Controls.resources.dll
c:\users\smardalo\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ConsoleApplication1\ConsoleApplication1\bin\Debug\sv-SE\Microsoft.Lync.Controls.resources.dll
c:\users\smardalo\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ConsoleApplication1\ConsoleApplication1\bin\Debug\zh-CN\Microsoft.Lync.Controls.resources.dll
c:\users\smardalo\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ConsoleApplication1\ConsoleApplication1\bin\Debug\zh-TW\Microsoft.Lync.Controls.resources.dll
c:\users\smardalo\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ConsoleApplication1\ConsoleApplication1\bin\Debug\da-DK\Microsoft.Lync.Controls.Framework.resources.dll
c:\users\smardalo\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ConsoleApplication1\ConsoleApplication1\bin\Debug\de-DE\Microsoft.Lync.Controls.Framework.resources.dll
c:\users\smardalo\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ConsoleApplication1\ConsoleApplication1\bin\Debug\es-ES\Microsoft.Lync.Controls.Framework.resources.dll
c:\users\smardalo\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ConsoleApplication1\ConsoleApplication1\bin\Debug\fi-FI\Microsoft.Lync.Controls.Framework.resources.dll
c:\users\smardalo\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ConsoleApplication1\ConsoleApplication1\bin\Debug\fr-FR\Microsoft.Lync.Controls.Framework.resources.dll
c:\users\smardalo\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ConsoleApplication1\ConsoleApplication1\bin\Debug\it-IT\Microsoft.Lync.Controls.Framework.resources.dll
c:\users\smardalo\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ConsoleApplication1\ConsoleApplication1\bin\Debug\ja-JP\Microsoft.Lync.Controls.Framework.resources.dll
c:\users\smardalo\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ConsoleApplication1\ConsoleApplication1\bin\Debug\ko-KR\Microsoft.Lync.Controls.Framework.resources.dll
c:\users\smardalo\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ConsoleApplication1\ConsoleApplication1\bin\Debug\nb-NO\Microsoft.Lync.Controls.Framework.resources.dll
c:\users\smardalo\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ConsoleApplication1\ConsoleApplication1\bin\Debug\nl-NL\Microsoft.Lync.Controls.Framework.resources.dll
c:\users\smardalo\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ConsoleApplication1\ConsoleApplication1\bin\Debug\pt-BR\Microsoft.Lync.Controls.Framework.resources.dll
c:\users\smardalo\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ConsoleApplication1\ConsoleApplication1\bin\Debug\ru-RU\Microsoft.Lync.Controls.Framework.resources.dll
c:\users\smardalo\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ConsoleApplication1\ConsoleApplication1\bin\Debug\sv-SE\Microsoft.Lync.Controls.Framework.resources.dll
c:\users\smardalo\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ConsoleApplication1\ConsoleApplication1\bin\Debug\zh-CN\Microsoft.Lync.Controls.Framework.resources.dll
c:\users\smardalo\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ConsoleApplication1\ConsoleApplication1\bin\Debug\zh-TW\Microsoft.Lync.Controls.Framework.resources.dll
c:\users\smardalo\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ConsoleApplication1\ConsoleApplication1\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Office.Uc.dll
c:\users\smardalo\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ConsoleApplication1\ConsoleApplication1\bin\Debug\Npgsql.dll
c:\users\smardalo\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ConsoleApplication1\ConsoleApplication1\bin\Debug\Mono.Security.dll
c:\users\smardalo\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ConsoleApplication1\ConsoleApplication1\bin\Debug\Npgsql.pdb
c:\users\smardalo\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ConsoleApplication1\ConsoleApplication1\bin\Debug\Npgsql.xml
c:\users\smardalo\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ConsoleApplication1\ConsoleApplication1\bin\Debug\de\Npgsql.resources.dll
c:\users\smardalo\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ConsoleApplication1\ConsoleApplication1\bin\Debug\es\Npgsql.resources.dll
c:\users\smardalo\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ConsoleApplication1\ConsoleApplication1\bin\Debug\fi\Npgsql.resources.dll
c:\users\smardalo\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ConsoleApplication1\ConsoleApplication1\bin\Debug\fr\Npgsql.resources.dll
c:\users\smardalo\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ConsoleApplication1\ConsoleApplication1\bin\Debug\ja\Npgsql.resources.dll
c:\users\smardalo\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ConsoleApplication1\ConsoleApplication1\bin\Debug\zh-CN\Npgsql.resources.dll
